well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we are going to talk about what
senate republicans have done
and we are going to talk about an
incredibly on brand tweet
from president trump um
when i read this you're you're going to
come up with all the reasons
in your head that it's on brand but
there's another reason
we're going to talk about how it relates
to what
the senate republicans have done because
that's the point of this tweet
okay now as i read this just understand
yes
it's a trump tweet the structure is all
off it has all of the random capitalized
letters and exclamation points you would
expect
okay so i will veto the defense
authorization bill if the elizabeth
pocahontas warren of all people
amendment
which will lead to the renaming plus
other bad
things of fort bragg for robert e lee
and many other military bases from which
we won two world wars
is in the bill
sure no you won't he's not going to do
that
he will not veto this he'll sign it he
will even if senator warren's amendment
is in it
he will sign it you're probably thinking
it's on brand because
it's culturally insensitive and racist
yeah that's on brand
you may be thinking it's on brand
because it's historically inaccurate
yes fort bragg did not become fort bragg
until
after world war one um
in fact it was camp brag at the very
end of world war one
you may be thinking it's on brand
because the only time he ever decides to
attempt to show that he has a spine is
when he is siding with people
who are currently fighting against or
did fight against the us military
yeah also on brand for him you may think
it's on brand
because it makes absolutely no sense to
withhold funding from dod
right after bounties became public
knowledge
also on brand but what's really on brand
about this
is that he has no intention of doing
this and that he tweeted this as a
distraction to get us to talk about all
of those other things
because he doesn't want us talking about
what senate republicans have done
senate republicans have
decided they're going to roll in the
intelligence funding
into this but only after they have
stripped out the portion
that says campaigns must report offers
of foreign assistance
so what does that tell you number one
you know trump's going to sign it
number two senate republicans are
co-signing
him selling out the country
they know that he's going to get offers
of foreign assistance
and he's going to take them and they
don't want him to have to report it
imagine us doing this with anything else
imagine our security clearances imagine
if security clearances
would still be granted if somebody had
taken 10 grand
from a foreign national and not reported
it
wouldn't happen but it'll be okay for
elected officials to do it
that's what he doesn't want us talking
about
we have to stop allowing trump's edgy
tweets
to control the narrative because that's
what he does
we need to focus on what's important
he still has done nothing about the
bounties
and senate republicans are setting it up
so he can once again accept offers of
foreign assistance
so he can get help from foreign
nationals
and it won't be a problem he won't have
to report it
he's going to sign this he needs it
because the only way he can win is to
cheat
now if you don't know why you shouldn't
call people pocahontas
i will put a video down below um
the story that most people know the love
story that's not the real story
it's it's a it's a term that should be
avoided
um
we've got to take control the narrative
here we have to stop letting
a child with a tweet tantrum
control the nation and paralyze it
there's a lot of important stuff going
on we can't afford to become distracted
right now
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day